---
layout: default
---

Do you know that there are more than **60 research groups** in Tübingen working in the field of AI?
Do you have a research idea that you would like to share with the local AI researchers?
Do you want to find out what the colleague next door is working on?
Come to the Friday Talks！


---

## **Schedule** {#schedule}

The following schedule is tentative:

### Year 2025

|    **Date**    | **Topic**                                                      | **Speaker/Presenter**                          | **Location**                                         |
| -------------: | :------------------------------------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------- | :--------------------------------------------------- |
|   07/02, 17:15 | TBD                                                            | TBD                                            | AI Center (MvL6 Lecture Hall)                        |
|   07/02, 17:00 | TBD                                                            | TBD                                            | AI Center (MvL6 Lecture Hall)                        |
|   24/01, 17:15 | TBD                                                            | TBD                                            | AI Center (MvL6 Lecture Hall)                        |
|   24/01, 17:00 | Friday Talks 2.0 Relaunch Remarks                              | [Tim Xiao](https://timx.me)                    | AI Center (MvL6 Lecture Hall)                        |


---

## **Call for Talks** {#call}

We invite all AI researchers in Tübingen to share their recent work in the 10 minute Friday Talks series!

If you would like to **give a talk**, please fill out this [form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSe5jIJy-v0jmO9iDzAszIuvPcpmc0khMxwRCTPEgjUm_zcAsg/viewform).

If you are **interested in the work of a colleague** you can **nominate** her or him by filling out this [form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSemwF-lT7CSTaP-AR2gsB_XpkgrYkxCo_cUidL-RgH67JM3Pw/viewform?usp=dialog).

---

## **Organizers** {#organizers}

<div class="container">

<figure>
    <a href="https://timx.me">
    <img class="img-author" src="https://timx.me/assets/img/prof_pic.jpg" alt="Tim Xiao"/></a>
    <b><br><a href="https://timx.me" class="text-main">Tim Xiao</a>
    <br>2025 -
    <br>Organizing Committee</b>
</figure>

<figure>
	<a href="https://jzenn.github.io">
    <img class="img-author" src="https://jzenn.github.io/assets/images/bio-photo-j.jpg" alt="Johannes Zenn"/></a>
    <b><br><a href="https://jzenn.github.io" class="text-main">Johannes Zenn</a>
    <br>2025 -
    <br>Organizing Committee</b>
</figure>
    
<figure>
    <a href="https://ei.is.mpg.de/person/zqiu">
    <img class="img-author" src="https://ei.is.mpg.de/uploads/employee/image/8148/imresizer-1731174769407.jpg" alt="Zeju Qiu"/></a>
    <b><br><a href="https://ei.is.mpg.de/person/zqiu" class="text-main">Zeju Qiu</a>
    <br>2025 -
    <br>Organizing Committee</b>
</figure>

<!-- <figure>
    <a href="#">
    <img class="img-author" src="assets/imgs/people/scholar.png" alt="You?"/></a>
    <b><br><a href="#" class="text-main">You?</a>
    <br>2025 -
    <br>Helping out anything!</b>
</figure> -->
</div>

---

## **Past Organizers** {#past-organizers}

<div class="container">

<figure>
    <a href="#">
    <img class="img-author" src="https://correlcms-directus-storage.fra1.cdn.digitaloceanspaces.com//8ec02949-1c45-49ef-a389-ea1797df6875.webp" alt="Sebastian Zezulka"/></a>
    <b><br><a href="#" class="text-main">Sebastian Zezulka</a>
    <br>2023 - 2024
    <br>Organizing Committee</b>
</figure>

<figure>
    <a href="https://ninaeffenberger.github.io">
    <img class="img-author" src="https://ninaeffenberger.github.io/assets/img/prof_pic-800.webp" alt="Nina Effenberger"/></a>
    <b><br><a href="https://ninaeffenberger.github.io" class="text-main">Nina Effenberger</a>
    <br>2022 - 2024
    <br>Organizing Committee</b>
</figure>

<figure>
    <a href="https://fm.ls/christian-frohlich">
    <img class="img-author" src="https://fm.ls/files/fmls/files/chris1.jpg" alt="Christian Fröhlich"/></a>
    <b><br><a href="https://fm.ls/christian-frohlich" class="text-main">Christian Fröhlich</a>
    <br>2022 - 2024
    <br>Organizing Committee</b>
</figure>



</div>

---

## **Contact** {#contact}

Contact the organizers either by Slack (MvL6), Mattermost (MPI-IS), or email. 
If you have any ideas or suggestions, please let us know through this [form](https://docs.google.com/forms/d/e/1FAIpQLSd5cZkGq7rtz3QQUTtAGGkOYXzYcU6O4y3JtsNXovB8jJXbvw/viewform)!